README.md, before:

# Loggit

A personal productivity app built with Flutter for logging expenses, tasks, reminders, notes, and gym workouts through natural language chat.

**Timeline Test**: This line was added to test VS Code's timeline feature.

## Features

- **Chat Interface**: Log entries using natural language
- **Expense Tracking**: Log expenses with categories and amounts
- **Task Management**: Create and manage tasks
- **Reminders**: Set time-based reminders
- **Notes**: Save quick notes and thoughts
- **Gym Logging**: Track workouts and exercises
- **Dark Mode**: Toggle between light and dark themes

## Setup

### API Key Configuration

This app uses the Groq API for natural language processing. You need to set up your API key:

1. **Get a Groq API key** from [https://console.groq.com/](https://console.groq.com/)
2. **Set the API key** using one of these methods:

   **Method 1: Command line**
   ```bash
   flutter run --dart-define=GROQ_API_KEY=your_actual_key_here
   ```

   **Method 2: VS Code launch configuration**
   - Open `.vscode/launch.json` (create if it doesn't exist)
   - Add the API key to the args:
   ```json
   {
     "name": "Flutter",
     "request": "launch",
     "type": "dart",
     "args": ["--dart-define=GROQ_API_KEY=your_actual_key_here"]
   }
   ```

   **Method 3: Environment variable**
   ```bash
   export GROQ_API_KEY=your_actual_key_here
   flutter run
   ```

⚠️ **Security**: Never commit your API key to version control. The key is excluded from git via `.gitignore`.

## Getting Started

This project is a starting point for a Flutter application.

A few resources to get you started if this is your first Flutter project:

- [Lab: Write your first Flutter app](https://docs.flutter.dev/get-started/codelab)
- [Cookbook: Useful Flutter samples](https://docs.flutter.dev/cookbook)

For help getting started with Flutter development, view the
[online documentation](https://docs.flutter.dev/), which offers tutorials,
samples, guidance on mobile development, and a full API reference.

Commit message:

Fixed Category on Notes
Fixed all the category options that we have on the Moodle for the notes applied colours to assigned to each category. Also the API was revoked because it got exposed and now we have renewed the API for the chat.

README.md, after:

# Loggit

A personal productivity app built with Flutter for logging expenses, tasks, reminders, notes, and gym workouts through natural language chat.

**Timeline Test**: This line was added to test VS Code's timeline feature.

## Features

- **Chat Interface**: Log entries using natural language
- **Expense Tracking**: Log expenses with categories and amounts
- **Task Management**: Create and manage tasks
- **Reminders**: Set time-based reminders
- **Notes**: Save quick notes and thoughts
- **Gym Logging**: Track workouts and exercises
- **Dark Mode**: Toggle between light and dark themes

## Setup

### API Key Configuration

This app uses the Groq API for natural language processing. You need to set up your API key:

1. **Get a Groq API key** from [https://console.groq.com/](https://console.groq.com/)
2. **Set the API key** using one of these methods:

   **Method 1: Command line**
   ```bash
   flutter run --dart-define=GROQ_API_KEY=your_actual_key_here
   ```

   **Method 2: VS Code launch configuration**
   - Open `.vscode/launch.json` (create if it doesn't exist)
   - Add the API key to the args:
   ```json
   {
     "name": "Flutter",
     "request": "launch",
     "type": "dart",
     "args": ["--dart-define=GROQ_API_KEY=your_actual_key_here"]
   }
   ```

   **Method 3: Environment variable**
   ```bash
   export GROQ_API_KEY=your_actual_key_here
   flutter run
   ```

   **Method 4: Using the start script (Recommended)**
   ```bash
   export GROQ_API_KEY=your_actual_key_here
   ./start_app.sh
   ```

⚠️ **Security**: Never commit your API key to version control. The key is excluded from git via `.gitignore`.

**Important Security Notes:**
- The `start_app.sh` file is already in `.gitignore` to prevent API key exposure
- Always use environment variables instead of hardcoding API keys in files
- If you accidentally commit an API key, immediately revoke it and generate a new one

## Getting Started

This project is a starting point for a Flutter application.

A few resources to get you started if this is your first Flutter project:

- [Lab: Write your first Flutter app](https://docs.flutter.dev/get-started/codelab)
- [Cookbook: Useful Flutter samples](https://docs.flutter.dev/cookbook)

For help getting started with Flutter development, view the
[online documentation](https://docs.flutter.dev/), which offers tutorials,
samples, guidance on mobile development, and a full API reference.
